Estevao Willian has been awarded two individual awards for his performances in the Brasileiro during 2024.
Preview: Borussia Dortmund vs. Barcelona - prediction, team news, lineups
Nottingham Forest join West Ham, Southampton in race for 31-goal attacker?
Monaco lineup vs. Arsenal: Predicted XI for Champions League clash as Folarin Balogun denied reunion
As a result, former Premier League pair Thilo Kehrer and Mohammed Salisu should line up in front of goalkeeper Radoslaw Majecki, while Brazilian pair Vanderson and Caio Henrique bomb down the flanks.
Chelsea injury, suspension news vs. Astana: Romeo Lavia added to sidelined list
Since then, Edouard has struggled to make a significant impact in the East Midlands, featuring in just six Premier League matches for Leicester, starting once.
According to reports via Celtic Quick News, both Leicester and parent club Crystal Palace have no interest in involving Edouard in their squads for the remainder of the campaign.
Regis Le Bris's Sunderland are currently fourth in England's second tier, occupying one of the playoff spots having earned 36 points from their 19 games so far.
Real Madrid have received a triple boost heading into Tuesday's Champions League clash against Atalanta BC, with Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo and Jude Bellingham all named in the squad.
Ferland Mendy suffered a muscular injury against Girona and misses out, meaning that Fran Garcia will operate at left-back, while Eder Militao, David Alaba, Dani Carvajal and Eduardo Camavinga remain unavailable.
Federico Valverde is a certain starter for Real Madrid, while there will once again be a spot through the middle for Kylian Mbappe, who missed a penalty on his last Champions League appearance against Liverpool.
Real Madrid possible starting lineup: Courtois; Vazquez, Tchouameni, Rudiger, F Garcia; Valverde, Bellingham, Modric; Rodrygo, Mbappe, Vinicius
Unbeaten in their last three Champions League fixtures, Celtic will test their European mettle in a tough away assignment at Dinamo Zagreb on Tuesday evening.
Brendan Rodgers has led his side to a respectable five points from the last nine on offer in the league phase, masterminding a statement 3-1 home win over German giants RB Leipzig either side of a goalless draw with Atalanta BC and 1-1 stalemate with Club Brugge on matchday five.
Preview: Atalanta BC vs. Real Madrid - prediction, team news, lineups
Atalanta are undoubtedly one of the finest teams in European football
Gian Piero Gasperini's side have also been impressive in the Champions League this season, picking up 11 points from their five matches courtesy of a record of three wins and two defeats, which has left them fifth in the table.
Real Madrid will enter this match off the back of a much-needed 3-0 victory over Girona in Spain's top flight, with the result leaving them second in the La Liga table, two points behind leaders Barcelona with a game in hand.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have struggled in the Champions League this season, though, only winning two of their five matches, suffering three defeats in the process, including their last two against AC Milan and Liverpool.
Real Madrid have won 12, drawn eight and lost 18 of their previous 38
Preview: Club Brugge vs. Sporting Lisbon - prediction, team news, lineups
Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon will be aiming to bounce back from three straight defeats when they travel to Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Man City 3-3 Feyenoord: Citizens, Guardiola set five unwanted records in late Champions League collapse
Anis Hadj Moussa pulled one back after Josko Gvardiol's cheap giveaway in the defensive third, but the hosts then capitulated, conceding shortly after to Santiago Gimenez.
Liverpool have the opportunity to cement themselves as one of the best teams in world football on Wednesday night when they host Real Madrid at Anfield, Liverpool expert David Lynch has argued.
A win over Real could be significant for the Reds in a number of ways, with the first being the potential ramifications of beating both the European champions and Premier League champions within the space of a week.
Man City 3-3 Feyenoord: Haaland breaks Champions League goals record, edges closer to another
Alexis Mac Allister and Cody Gakpo scored the goals as Liverpool recorded a 2-0 victory over European champions Real Madrid in the league phase of the Champions League on Wednesday night.
While Arsenal customarily dominated possession in the early exchanges in West London, they were undone by one long punt forward from Kenny Tete to Raul Jimenez, who skipped away from Jakub Kiwior and found the far corner with aplomb.
Ange Postecoglou delivers triple Tottenham injury update after Romero, Van de Ven scares against Chelsea
Fabrizio Romano Liverpool contract latest: Reds confident of agreeing deal with defender
Arsenal injury, suspension list and return dates for Monaco: Zinchenko, Gabriel, Calafiori
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur have reportedly rekindled their pursuit of Al-Ahli striker Ivan Toney, who is struggling for motivation in Saudi Arabia.
Manchester United are back in action on Thursday evening when they square off against Viktoria Plzen in the Europa League.
Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is reportedly not a target for Fenerbahce, despite rumours linking him with a potential reunion with Jose Mourinho.
The Danish international, who signed for the Red Devils in the summer of 2022, is widely anticipated to depart the club when his contract ends at the end of the season.
Crystal Palace vs. Manchester City: Head-to-head record and past meetings
Crystal Palace and Manchester City have faced each other a total of 72 times across all competitions, with the Citizens leading the overall head-to-head record having posted 38 wins to the Eagles' 17, while there have also been 17 draws played out between the two clubs.
Palace and Man City played each other regularly in the old Divisions One and Two between the mid-1960s and early 1990s, with the Citizens winning 14 times and drawing seven of their 30 league encounters during that period.
Crystal Palace have only come out on top in two of their last 19 Premier League meetings with Man City (D5 L12), and both of those victories were secured at the Etihad Stadium in December 2018 and October 2020
West Ham's MNF clash withWolves is being billed as must-win for Julen Lopetegui - but Max Kilman says the pressure is being felt by the entire squad
At the start of the season, the chatter around the Premier League title race focused on whether Arsenal could finally topple Manchester City. Liverpool's strong start put them in the conversation. It is now impossible to ignore their nearest challengers Chelsea
Chelsea come from two goals down to win 4-3 at rivals Spurs; Cole Palmer scores two penalties, taking his goal involvement tally to 50 since the start of last season; Paul Merson and Jamie Carragher feel he could take Chelsea all the way
Chelsea fought back from two goals down to win 4-3 at London rivals Tottenham to close the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to four points.
Match Analysis: Spain 2-1 England: highlights, man of the match, stats
Match Analysis: Netherlands 1-2 England - highlights, man of the match, stats
Match Analysis: Romania 0-3 Netherlands - highlights, man of the match, stats
Monaco striker Folarin Balogun will not be reuniting with his former employers when the Ligue 1 side meet Arsenal in Wednesday's Champions League league phase clash at the Emirates Stadium.
Aston Villa 1-0 Southampton: Highlights, man of the match, stats as Jhon Duran gives Unai Emery second Premier League win in a row
