While Omar Marmoush has been a relatively successful goalscorer in the German Bundesliga for a few seasons, he has had to patiently wait for his big break before being announced as Manchester City' s third January signing on Thursday after a prolific start to the season.
He had loan spells at St Pauli and Stuttgart, only displaying his abilities in spurts but never over the course of a full season.
A team-mate of Liverpool's Mohamed Salah for his country, Marmoush has become one of the breakout stars in Europe this season with 20 goals in 26 games for Frankfurt - 15 in the Bundesliga.
Italian club AC Milan have agreed a deal to sign Manchester City captain Kyle Walker on loan for the remainder of the season. 
AC Milan have also been linked with Manchester United forward Marcus Rashford but registration rules in Italy mean they are only able to sign one player from the UK during the current transfer window.
The full-back last featured for City against West Ham on 4 January, after which he told manager Pep Guardiola he wanted to explore his options around a potential move abroad.
The moment Amad Diallo appeared at Ross County's back post to score five minutes into his debut for Rangers in January 2022, some of the 19-year-old's new team-mates looked at each other with a sense of excitement and anticipation.
"Watching him in training, he reminded me a bit of James Maddison, who I'd played with at Aberdeen," says Ryan Jack, the former Rangers and Dons man. 
The intensity was too much and Diallo faded away. Arfield, Aaron Ramsey, Joe Aribo and Scott Wright were all given time in his position. He got five minutes against Heart of Midlothian and 17 minutes against Dundee United.
Manchester City are in major danger of elimination after Wednesday's collapse at Paris St-Germain, while Liverpool are through, Arsenal are almost there and Aston Villa and Celtic - who meet - are somewhere in between.
Marcus Rashford accepts he may have to stay at Manchester United for the rest of the season after failing to secure a move in the first three and a half weeks of the transfer window.
Rashford decided against a permanent transfer to Saudi Arabia, where several clubs were interested, and other options have been explored.
A loan to Milan proved unworkable because they are signing Kyle Walker from Manchester City until the end of the season.
With 27 Bundesliga goals and 15 assists across 1½ seasons at Eintracht, plus a handful more of each in Europe, the forward reveled in the spotlight and leads the league for goal contributions this season, outpacing megastars such as Bayern Munich's Harry Kane and Bayer Leverkusen's Florian Wirtz.
There have been times where City have simply looked a bit old and a bit slow, and that bears out in another statistic: Their successful take-on rate per 90 minutes is 48.4%, again the lowest of the Guardiola era.
The Lens scout who travelled to the Under-20 Asian Cup in Uzbekistan in March 2023 went with one mission: to confirm the talent of 19-year-old Uzbekistan centre-back Abdukodir Khusanov.
The club had a three-year plan to make Khusanov into one of the best centre-backs in France, but it took only 18 months.
After missing out on €40m in transfer fees last summer when exits for Kevin Danso and Neil El Aynaoui collapsed, Lens needed to bring in funds to balance their books this January.
One of the world's top agents, Jorge Mendes, brokered the transfer and Manchester City moved quickly this month to bolster their ailing defence.
Plymouth Argyle forward Morgan Whittaker missed his side's 5-0 Championship loss to touted transfer destination Burnley as he "did not show up" in time for the game.
Whittaker, who scored Argyle's winning goal in the FA Cup third-round tie at Brentford this month, was spotted in the stands during the game.
Heather O'Reilly had scored the game's final goal, dragging world number ones and two-time champions United States to a 2-2 draw in their opening match at the 2007 Women's World Cup.
Celtic clinched Champions League knockout football for the first time in 12 years after Loris Benito's late own goal secured a dramatic victory over Young Boys on a nerve-shredding night in Glasgow.
That sparked frenzied celebrations in the stands after an incredible first half of frustration. Kyogo had strayed offside for his first disallowed goal, while the second was ruled out after a foul by Callum McGregor in the build-up
Kylian Mbappe scored twice as Real Madrid came from behind to beat Las Palmas and go top of La Liga.
Real had three goals ruled out for offside, including what would have been a hat-trick goal for Mbappe while England midfielder Jude Bellingham missed a host of chances.
Real Madrid striker Kylian Mbappe says a "mentality issue" prevented him from finding his best form earlier this season.
That run included penalty misses against Liverpool in the Champions League and Athletic Bilbao in La Liga, with Madrid losing both matches. 
Hayes, 29, spent four and a half years in Scotland where she won one Scottish league title, two Scottish Cups and one League Cup.
She becomes the Seagulls' first signing of the January window, having played 26 times for Celtic this season in all competitions.
Wales midfielder Hayley Ladd has not found things easy this season, but a January move from Manchester United to Everton could be just what she needed.
She had been a key player under manager Marc Skinner but began to be overlooked following the summer arrival of Dominique Janssen.
During her time at United, Ladd played in front of a vocal fan base at Leigh Sports Village. 
It is a new era at Everton under the ownership of the Freidkin Group and Ladd is one of five players to join this month as Sorensen adds more depth.
Teenage forward Lily Murphy starred as Manchester City defeated Manchester United 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Women's League Cup.
There were big wins for holders Arsenal and last season's finalists Chelsea, who beat Brighton 4-0 and Durham 5-0 respectively.
City's 18-year-old forward Murphy scored and assisted in the first half at Leigh Sports Village, either side of a Millie Turner strike, as City avenged Sunday's 4-2 Women's Super League defeat by United.
The introduction of Elisabeth Terland early in the second half injected fresh impetus into United's attacks, but the Norwegian striker volleyed wide when gifted a chance to equalise.
The holders were frustrated for 65 minutes by Brighton's determined defensive performance before substitute Mariona Caldentey changed the game, pouncing on a loose pass from goalkeeper Melina Loeck to set up Frida Maanum's opener.
Another Brighton error allowed Katie McCabe to double Arsenal's lead three minutes later before Caldentey turned provider once again, teeing up Kyra Cooney-Cross, who curled home a rocket from outside the box.
Durham, the lowest-ranked side left in the competition, held their own for the first 45 minutes and went into the break only 1-0 down, having conceded to an Aggie Beever-Jones header.
Spurs took the lead through Martha Thomas, who guided her header expertly past Eleanor Heeps on 10 minutes. Despite their early dominance, however, Tottenham conceded from West Ham's first shot on target through Seraina Piubel.
Kirsty Smith's free-kick on the stroke of half-time won it for the Hammers as her long-range ball evaded everyone in the penalty area and found a way inside the post.
Arsenal took the lead in the second minute when Gabriel Martinelli's cross was cushioned into Declan Rice's path by Kai Havertz and the England midfielder hammered the ball past Zagreb keeper Ivan Nevistic.
The Gunners could have scored more - Rice had a shot blocked after a clever Odegaard pass while centre-back Gabriel headed wide from the edge of the six-yard-box from a corner.
Paris St-Germain forward Randal Kolo Muani has joined Juventus on loan until the end of the season.
Kolo Muani grew up in the outskirts of Paris and began his career at Nantes before moving to Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt.
Turkish side Fenerbahce have signed centre-back Diego Carlos from Aston Villa for an undisclosed fee. 
Real Madrid gave their ambitions to defend their Champions League title a huge boost with a comfortable win to eliminate Red Bull Salzburg.
After losing three of their opening six games, Madrid looked more like their usual selves as they dispatched the Austrians with a first-half double from Rodrygo, before a goal from Kylian Mbappe and two from Vinicius Jr - taking his tally to 101 for the club - followed after the break.
Vinicius, who moved to seven goals in six Champions League games, made it 4-0 after 55 minutes, collecting a brilliant Luka Modric pass and cutting into the box from the left before curling a right-footed effort beyond Blaswich.
Rodrygo, often less heralded than Vinicius and Mbappe, continues to be a reliable source of quality and important goals.
Meanwhile, Mbappe, who is finally starting to meet expectations after a poor start in Madrid, became only the eighth player to register 75 Champions League goal involvements.
Leon Goretzka scored twice as Bayern Munich held on against Wolfsburg to go seven points clear at the top of the Bundesliga table. 
But Michael Olise, a £45m signing from Crystal Palace last summer, put Bayern back in front six minutes before the break with his 10th goal of the season when Wolfsburg goalkeeper Kamil Grabara spilled the France international's long-range effort. 
Bayern did go 3-1 up in the 62nd minute when Goretzka struck his second of the afternoon just after the hour mark, heading Olise's free-kick into the bottom corner.
Estevao Willian has been awarded two individual awards for his performances in the Brasileiro during 2024.
Preview: Borussia Dortmund vs. Barcelona - prediction, team news, lineups
Nottingham Forest join West Ham, Southampton in race for 31-goal attacker?
Monaco lineup vs. Arsenal: Predicted XI for Champions League clash as Folarin Balogun denied reunion
As a result, former Premier League pair Thilo Kehrer and Mohammed Salisu should line up in front of goalkeeper Radoslaw Majecki, while Brazilian pair Vanderson and Caio Henrique bomb down the flanks.
Chelsea injury, suspension news vs. Astana: Romeo Lavia added to sidelined list
Since then, Edouard has struggled to make a significant impact in the East Midlands, featuring in just six Premier League matches for Leicester, starting once.
According to reports via Celtic Quick News, both Leicester and parent club Crystal Palace have no interest in involving Edouard in their squads for the remainder of the campaign.
Regis Le Bris's Sunderland are currently fourth in England's second tier, occupying one of the playoff spots having earned 36 points from their 19 games so far.
Real Madrid have received a triple boost heading into Tuesday's Champions League clash against Atalanta BC, with Vinicius Junior, Rodrygo and Jude Bellingham all named in the squad.
Ferland Mendy suffered a muscular injury against Girona and misses out, meaning that Fran Garcia will operate at left-back, while Eder Militao, David Alaba, Dani Carvajal and Eduardo Camavinga remain unavailable.
Federico Valverde is a certain starter for Real Madrid, while there will once again be a spot through the middle for Kylian Mbappe, who missed a penalty on his last Champions League appearance against Liverpool.
Real Madrid possible starting lineup: Courtois; Vazquez, Tchouameni, Rudiger, F Garcia; Valverde, Bellingham, Modric; Rodrygo, Mbappe, Vinicius
Unbeaten in their last three Champions League fixtures, Celtic will test their European mettle in a tough away assignment at Dinamo Zagreb on Tuesday evening.
Brendan Rodgers has led his side to a respectable five points from the last nine on offer in the league phase, masterminding a statement 3-1 home win over German giants RB Leipzig either side of a goalless draw with Atalanta BC and 1-1 stalemate with Club Brugge on matchday five.
Preview: Atalanta BC vs. Real Madrid - prediction, team news, lineups
Atalanta are undoubtedly one of the finest teams in European football
Gian Piero Gasperini's side have also been impressive in the Champions League this season, picking up 11 points from their five matches courtesy of a record of three wins and two defeats, which has left them fifth in the table.
Real Madrid will enter this match off the back of a much-needed 3-0 victory over Girona in Spain's top flight, with the result leaving them second in the La Liga table, two points behind leaders Barcelona with a game in hand.
Carlo Ancelotti's side have struggled in the Champions League this season, though, only winning two of their five matches, suffering three defeats in the process, including their last two against AC Milan and Liverpool.
Real Madrid have won 12, drawn eight and lost 18 of their previous 38
Preview: Club Brugge vs. Sporting Lisbon - prediction, team news, lineups
Portuguese giants Sporting Lisbon will be aiming to bounce back from three straight defeats when they travel to Club Brugge in the Champions League on Tuesday night.
Man City 3-3 Feyenoord: Citizens, Guardiola set five unwanted records in late Champions League collapse
Anis Hadj Moussa pulled one back after Josko Gvardiol's cheap giveaway in the defensive third, but the hosts then capitulated, conceding shortly after to Santiago Gimenez.
Liverpool have the opportunity to cement themselves as one of the best teams in world football on Wednesday night when they host Real Madrid at Anfield, Liverpool expert David Lynch has argued.
A win over Real could be significant for the Reds in a number of ways, with the first being the potential ramifications of beating both the European champions and Premier League champions within the space of a week.
Man City 3-3 Feyenoord: Haaland breaks Champions League goals record, edges closer to another
Alexis Mac Allister and Cody Gakpo scored the goals as Liverpool recorded a 2-0 victory over European champions Real Madrid in the league phase of the Champions League on Wednesday night.
While Arsenal customarily dominated possession in the early exchanges in West London, they were undone by one long punt forward from Kenny Tete to Raul Jimenez, who skipped away from Jakub Kiwior and found the far corner with aplomb.
Ange Postecoglou delivers triple Tottenham injury update after Romero, Van de Ven scares against Chelsea
Fabrizio Romano Liverpool contract latest: Reds confident of agreeing deal with defender
Arsenal injury, suspension list and return dates for Monaco: Zinchenko, Gabriel, Calafiori
Chelsea and Tottenham Hotspur have reportedly rekindled their pursuit of Al-Ahli striker Ivan Toney, who is struggling for motivation in Saudi Arabia.
Manchester United are back in action on Thursday evening when they square off against Viktoria Plzen in the Europa League.
Manchester United midfielder Christian Eriksen is reportedly not a target for Fenerbahce, despite rumours linking him with a potential reunion with Jose Mourinho.
The Danish international, who signed for the Red Devils in the summer of 2022, is widely anticipated to depart the club when his contract ends at the end of the season.
Crystal Palace vs. Manchester City: Head-to-head record and past meetings
Crystal Palace and Manchester City have faced each other a total of 72 times across all competitions, with the Citizens leading the overall head-to-head record having posted 38 wins to the Eagles' 17, while there have also been 17 draws played out between the two clubs.
Palace and Man City played each other regularly in the old Divisions One and Two between the mid-1960s and early 1990s, with the Citizens winning 14 times and drawing seven of their 30 league encounters during that period.
Crystal Palace have only come out on top in two of their last 19 Premier League meetings with Man City (D5 L12), and both of those victories were secured at the Etihad Stadium in December 2018 and October 2020
West Ham's MNF clash withWolves is being billed as must-win for Julen Lopetegui - but Max Kilman says the pressure is being felt by the entire squad
At the start of the season, the chatter around the Premier League title race focused on whether Arsenal could finally topple Manchester City. Liverpool's strong start put them in the conversation. It is now impossible to ignore their nearest challengers Chelsea
Chelsea come from two goals down to win 4-3 at rivals Spurs; Cole Palmer scores two penalties, taking his goal involvement tally to 50 since the start of last season; Paul Merson and Jamie Carragher feel he could take Chelsea all the way
Chelsea fought back from two goals down to win 4-3 at London rivals Tottenham to close the gap on Premier League leaders Liverpool to four points.
Match Analysis: Spain 2-1 England: highlights, man of the match, stats
Match Analysis: Netherlands 1-2 England - highlights, man of the match, stats
Match Analysis: Romania 0-3 Netherlands - highlights, man of the match, stats
Monaco striker Folarin Balogun will not be reuniting with his former employers when the Ligue 1 side meet Arsenal in Wednesday's Champions League league phase clash at the Emirates Stadium.
Aston Villa 1-0 Southampton: Highlights, man of the match, stats as Jhon Duran gives Unai Emery second Premier League win in a row
A fresh start for one of the worst signings in Man Utd history
Hull City boosted their Championship survival hopes by stunning high-flying Sheffield United with an emphatic victory at Bramall Lane.
Matt Crooks opened the scoring after just six minutes on his first start for the Tigers with an excellent first-time finish from 25 yards following a swift counter-attack.
Sheffield United had the first sight of goal when Ben Brereton Diaz burst into the penalty area from the left and saw a powerful drive to the near post beaten away by Hull goalkeeper Ivor Pandur.
O'Hare spurned a promising opportunity to reduce the deficit after 73 minutes, slicing wildly off target from just inside the box after the ball dropped to him.
Hull City boss Ruben Selles told BBC Radio Humberside:
Opponents no longer scared of Man City - Guardiola
After an encouraging debut season in English football last season, Andoni Iraola has taken Bournemouth to another level this term
Former Cherries striker Dominic Solanke, now at Spurs, explained the learning curve with Iraola's methods in an interview with the Times last year.
Man City captain Walker completes AC Milan loan move
Manchester City captain Kyle Walker has completed a move to Italian club AC Milan on loan for the remainder of the season.
Walker has made 319 appearances for City since a £50m move from Tottenham in 2017 and was part of the treble-winning side of 2022-23.
A statement on the Premier League champions' website, external read: "Everyone at Manchester City wishes Kyle the very best of luck for the rest of the season."
Manchester City's Champions League hopes are in the balance but can they sustain their improved form in the Premier League against tougher opposition?
The defending champions have gone five games unbeaten in the league, winning three of them, but after facing Chelsea on Saturday they play Arsenal, Newcastle and Liverpool in successive weeks.
Sutton is making predictions for all 380 Premier League games this season, against a variety of guests.
Barcelona's attempts to sign Manchester United and England forward Marcus Rashford, 27, may be scuppered as they have not sold enough players to free up funds
West Ham have been told they will need to sign the Netherlands striker Brian Brobbey, 22, on a permanent deal as Ajax have no interest in a loan.
David Gaskell, who holds the record of being Manchester United's youngest ever player, has died at the age of 84.
Former goalkeeper Gaskell made his debut for United at the age of just 16 years and 19 days against Manchester City in October 1956.
Every decision that is made is from me.
Tottenham finished fifth in the Premier League during his first season in charge, missing out on Champions League football by two points.
Arsenal 'actively looking' to sign striker - Arteta
Arsenal midfielder Declan Rice said after the win over north London rivals Tottenham that he would not be "surprised" if Arsenal do try to sign a striker in this window, but Arteta said his players haven't said to him that they feel like they need someone to come in.
Chelsea midfielder Guro Reiten says Women's Super League matches against Arsenal "mean something extra" because of the rivalry between the teams.
Reiten, who is in her sixth season at Chelsea, has so far won the WSL title each year she has been at the club.
England international Aggie Beever-Jones is also hoping Chelsea can extend their unbeaten run as they challenge on multiple fronts
We respect Chelsea for who they are and all the strengths they have. But for me, I care a lot about Arsenal so I want to do the best for Arsenal.
Away fans in home end cannot be stopped - Man UtdAway fans in home end cannot be stopped - Man Utd
Following the match, Greater Manchester Police said they made 39 arrests across the night - 26 of which came following disorder in the city centre.
How could Man City look after January signings?
So how could City look after these signings?
City never properly replaced Julian Alvarez after his departure to Atletico Madrid in the summer.
Khusanov has more experience and understands European and international football. However, he is viewed more as a central defender.
But City insisted he moved immediately - and they say he will join Guardiola's squad this season.
Manchester City are interested in signing Juventus and Italy left-back Cambiaso, 24.
City have not had a player whose main position is left-back since Benjamin Mendy, whose last game for the club was in August 2021.
He can also play at right-back, where City have a lack of options with Kyle Walker set to join AC Milan on loan.
Matheus Nunes, a midfielder, has played at right-back recently and struggled against Paris St-Germain in Wednesday's 4-2 defeat.
"The suspicion is John Stones would be Guardiola's first choice at right-back," said BBC reporter Stone.
"But Stones is not fully fit. He featured for only 15 minutes against PSG, even though central defender Ruben Dias went off at half-time.
"Until Guardiola has his defenders fully fit, it seems certain Rico Lewis and Nunes will be asked to play there until a more permanent solution is available."
Another player City are interested in is 18-year-old Sierra Leonean Bah.
Real Valladolid have accused Manchester City of encouraging him to break his contract to force through a move.
He joined Valladolid on a season-long loan from AIK Freetong in Sierra Leone last summer and the club exercised a clause to turn it into a permanent deal this month.
But Bah is still under a youth contract and has so far refused to sign a senior deal that would significantly increase his release clause.
Aberdeen v St Mirren
Meanwhile, Lewis Jamieson has left the club to join Sacramento Republic.
Moyes proud of managing 700 Premier League games
The Scotsman is into his second spell as Toffees boss and has also managed West Ham United twice, as well as having short spells at Manchester United and Sunderland.
Moyes picked up the first win of his second spell at Goodison Park in Sunday's impressive 3-2 victory against Tottenham that moved his side four points clear of the relegation zone.
Joey Barton kicked wife in head, court hears
Former footballer Joey Barton pushed his wife to the floor before kicking her in the head during a drunken row at their family home, a court has heard.
Plymouth Argyle forward Morgan Whittaker has completed a £6m transfer to Championship rivals Middlesbrough.
How big is Kyogo loss? And how do Celtic replace him?
But Kyogo, with his goals, game intelligence and infectious personality had carved out a special place in the hearts of the Parkhead faithful
In his debut season with Celtic, two sublime finishes in the 2-1 League Cup final victory over Hibernian at Hampden established Kyogo as a man for the big occasion.
Since he was signed by Ange Postecoglou in 2021 from J-League club Vissel Kobe, no player has scored more than Kyogo's 63 Scottish Premiership goals, with Heart of Midlothian's Lawrence Shankland next on the list on 51.
Stoke sign Ipswich forward Al-Hamadi on loan
Stoke City have signed Ipswich forward Ali Al-Hamadi on loan for the rest of the season.
MK Dons sign Stevenage defender Thompson
League Two club MK Dons have signed experienced defender Nathan Thompson from third-tier Stevenage.
Hull City sign Monaco midfielder Matazo
Hull City have signed Monaco midfielder Eliot Matazo for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
The 22-year-old made 60 appearances in the top division in France for Monaco.
Burnley recall striker Costelloe from Stanley loan
The Tigers, who face Sheffield United on Friday, are 22nd in the Championship.
Burnley have recalled striker Dara Costelloe from his season-long loan with League Two side Accrington Stanley.
The 22-year-old joined Stanley in August and has gone on to make 21 appearances for the club.
During that time he has scored five goals, including most recently during their 2-2 draw with Wimbledon in November.
Wycombe's Tafazolli makes Hong Kong loan move
The 33-year-old joined the Chairboys from Hull City in the summer of 2020 and has made 128 appearances and scored 10 goals.
Lee Man are the reigning Hong Kong Premier League champions and currently third in the table.
Chelsea forward Morgan makes Gillingham loan move
Gillingham have signed Chelsea's England youth international striker Jimmy-Jay Morgan on loan until the end of the season.
The 19-year-old, who moved to Chelsea's academy from Southampton in February 2023 for an undisclosed fee, has yet to feature for the Premier League side's first team.
Brentford sign Fiorentina defender Kayode on loan
The Italy Under-21 right-back has made 12 appearances for Fiorentina this season, having broken into their side in 2023-24.
"Michael is a player that we think will suit Brentford and the physical nature of the Premier League very well," said Brentford director of football Phil Giles.
Celtic close to Kyogo sale and Jota return from Rennes
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers expects the sale of Kyogo Furuhashi to Rennes and the return of Jota from the French club to be completed within the next 24 hours.
Kyogo left Glasgow within 24 hours of helping Celtic into the knockout stages of the Champions League.
Hull City winger Longman joins Wrexham
Wrexham have signed Hull City winger Ryan Longman for an undisclosed fee.
Longman has signed a deal until the end of the 2026-27 season with the option of an additional year.
He watched his new club draw 1-1 at home to Birmingham City on Thursday evening.
Sheffield United sign Cannon from Leicester
Defender Giles returns to Boro on loan from Hull
Hamilton joins Stockport on loan from Middlesbrough
Stockport County have signed attacking midfielder Micah Hamilton on loan from Middlesbrough until the end of the season.
Hamilton has played 16 times since joining from Manchester City last summer, but he has only started twice in the Championship.
Omobamidele to complete move to Strasbourg
Nottingham Forest defender Andrew Omobamidele is due to join Strasbourg on loan.
The Republic of Ireland international has struggled to make an impression since joining from Norwich for £11m in 2023.
